Make running Playwright to update snapshots easier (#4585)
WordPress/openverse: documentation/frontend/reference/testing_guidelines.md

[Playwright Trace Viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer) to inspect
these (or open the zip yourself and poke around the files on your own).

Playwright tests in CI are run with `-u` option by default, this means that
snapshots will automatically be updated for modified parts of the UI if
Playwright detects that. See
[Updating snapshots](/frontend/guides/test.md#updating-snapshots) for more
reading about this.

When this happens, a GitHub comment will appear with a link to download
artifacts named in the form `*_snapshot_diffs`. The resulting artifacts would

> each contain a zipped patch of the snapshot changes named
> `snapshot_diff.patch.gz`, once downloaded, they can be unzipped and applied to

Reviewer: Very minor nitpick, just to be more precise about the compression used.

```suggestion
each contain a gzipped patch of the snapshot changes named
`snapshot_diff.patch.gz`, once downloaded, they can be decompressed and applied to
```

your working branch by running:

`gunzip -k -c snapshot_diff.patch.gz | git apply -`

```{note}
It is assumed that you'd already have `gunzip` installed as it looks to be available on macOS and is usually available on most Linux distros. If this is not your case, you might need to have that installed first.

> ```

Reviewer: Good note. It is available in `ov`, so the instructions can be `cat snapshot_diff.patch.gz | ov gunzip -kc - | git apply`. gzip is usually available, you're right, but we can do away with the question altogether using `ov` :slightly_smiling_face:

[Playwright Trace Viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer) to inspect
these (or open the zip yourself and poke around the files on your own).

Playwright tests in CI are run with `-u` option by default, this means that
snapshots will automatically be updated for modified parts of the UI if
Playwright detects that. See
[Updating snapshots](/frontend/guides/test.md#updating-snapshots) for more
reading about this.

When this happens, a GitHub comment will appear with a link to download
artifacts named in the form `*_snapshot_diff`. The resulting artifacts would
each contain a gzipped patch of the snapshot changes named
`snapshot_diff.patch.gz`, once downloaded, they can be decompressed and applied
to your working branch by running:

> `cat snapshot_diff.patch.gz | ov gunzip -kc - | git apply`

Reviewer 2: I [downloaded](https://github.com/WordPress/openverse/actions/runs/9798106098/job/27055999711?pr=4600) it as `playwright_vr_snapshot_diff.zip` so I had to decompress it twice (first from a .zip and then from a .gz). It seems that the GitHub actions always do the compression for downloads, so we can skip that part.

```suggestion
`cat playwright_vr_snapshot_diff.zip | ov unzip -kc - | git apply`
```

Reviewer: Nice!

Author: Thanks for pointing this out @krysal. A slight change to your suggestion would be:
 `cat *_snapshot_diff.zip | ov unzip -kc - | git apply`
 This is because the prefix `*` represents the current playwirght test. It is dynamic and auto generated in the workflow using a matrix. I'd go ahead and note this on the doc too.

[Playwright Trace Viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer) to inspect
these (or open the zip yourself and poke around the files on your own).

Playwright tests in CI are run with `-u` option by default, this means that
snapshots will automatically be updated for modified parts of the UI if
Playwright detects that. See
[Updating snapshots](/frontend/guides/test.md#updating-snapshots) for more
reading about this.

When this happens, a GitHub comment will appear with a link to download zipped
artifacts named in the form `*_snapshot_diff.zip`. Once downloaded, they can be
decompressed and applied to your working branch by running:

`ov unzip -p *_snapshot_diff.zip | git apply`

The above command basically uses the `unzip` tool to unpack the contents of the
downloaded archive file named `*_snapshot_diff.zip`, the `-p` option prevents it
from actually creating any extracted file but rather prints the contents to the

> standard output which is then piped to `git apply`.

Reviewer: Just a nit, and something we need to address more widely in our documentation (it's unfortunately pervasive, including in my own writing), but this would read a lot more clearly in active voice, rather than passive, and even more so as imperative instructions. "Once downloaded, apply them to your working branch by running", etc.

```{note}

> For the above command to work verbatim for you, make sure to have saved the downloaded artifact to the root of the project from where you're able to run git commands. Otherwise, you'd need to adjust the path to the downloaded file in the command accordingly. Should you settle for the former, keep in mind that you'd also need to delete the file(`*_snapshot_diff.zip`) after successfully applying the changes to avoid committing them.

Reviewer: Unfortunately #1986 means we need to manually wrap the text inside code blocks, to at least _around_ 80 characters. It's so tedious I really don't try too hard other than to get it around 80. Still needs to be done, unfortunately.

There's also a space missing between `file` and the parenthetical after it.

Reviewer: Also: for the files to be in context for `ov`, they _must_ be downloaded to the repository. The repository is the only host filesystem location that ov explicitly mounts into the container. Probably worth just adding that to the instructions: download the zipped snapshot patches to the repository root, etc.

Remember to replace `*_snapshot_diff.zip` with the actual downloaded filename.

> Additionally, you might need to replace `ov` with a relative path `./ov` if you do not have `ov` added to your PATH yet.

Reviewer: You can leave this out, in favour of the general advice we've written in #4567. We've decided not to have to write this caveat everywhere and just have it in a single place.
